CUMULUS-2565 -- Clarify execution naming documentation (#2297)
nasa/cumulus: docs/operator-docs/naming-executions.md

property is set using the value configured in the workflow's
`meta.executionNamePrefix`.

> **Please note**: This `meta` property should not be confused with the rule's `executionNamePrefix` from the previous section.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this note. The `meta` property in the workflow will get its value for `executionNamePrefix` from `rule.meta`, if set

Reviewer 2: We want to make it clear that setting the 'executionNamePrefix' directly at the root level of the rule, sets it for the WF executed by the rule, the other, in meta, sets it in the Message.
![rule1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32745414/122784220-82a53500-d26f-11eb-85dd-2abb1678ccd4.png)

Author: @schwabm  is correct - the confusion/lack of clarity this is trying to address is the docs use a snippet from meta right after an example that is using the root key on the `rule` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note**: This `meta.executionNamePrefix` property should not be confused with the optional rule `executionNamePrefix` property from the previous section. Setting `executionNamePrefix` as a root property of the rule will set a prefix for the names of any workflows triggered by the rule. Setting `meta.executionNamePrefix` on the rule will set `meta.executionNamePrefix` in the workflow messages generated for this rule, allowing workflow steps like `QueueGranules` to read from the message `meta.executionNamePrefix` for their config. Then, workflows scheduled by `QueueGranules` would use the configured execution name prefix.
```

Thanks for clarifying @schwabm @Jkovarik . That is definitely confusing. I'd like to suggest this minor rewrite to call out the difference in the properties and their functionality a bit more directly

Reviewer 2: Looks good. Thanks

### Setting executionNamePrefix config for QueueGranules using rule.meta

If you wanted to use a prefix of "my-prefix", you would create a rule with a `meta` property similar to this:

```json

> "rule": {

Reviewer: This seems a bit confusing to me. Because above we say that this snippet is just the `meta` property of a rule, but it's now really a fragment of an entire rule? If we want to change the snippet, we should change the language above to be something like, `you should create a rule similar to this`. I have mixed feelings about showing a rule fragment as opposed to a complete rule object

Author: The justification for this update is the (demonstrably) confusing context in this example of using the same key as a root rule object, and the snippet *lacking context* re: that.         

If that's concerning, I'd suggest we use a different key in this example altogether to avoid users conflating the rule configuration key with this optional meta value.

Author: That said, I take your point re: the language concern - perhaps we could explicitly include a 'snippet' indicator/ellipsis in the example json?

Reviewer: Yeah just clarify that it's a rule snippet and including ellipsis seems fine

Author: How about 0f974ef15

Author: Or, rather 706af1727.    😓

Reviewer: Super nit:

```suggestion
{
```

Having the `rule` key here makes it seem like the rule is part of another object

Author: Mixed feelings, as I know from prior user feedback *not* having the parent key makes glossing over the *text* super easy for readers who look for concrete <objects> and not <words>. 

That said, the objective is met either way so 👍🏻
